docs: expose default CSC configurations in the CSC operational guide section (#2532)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/cluster_and_service_configuration.rst

Newly deployed **MetalK8s** clusters come with chosen default values for most
Cluster services. These default values are transparent to Admin users
and can be customized at any point in time given that Administrators follow the
documented procedure to the later.

Managing default runtime Service Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> MetalK8s addons (Alertmanager, Dex, Grafana and Prometheus) ships with default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetalK8s addons (Alertmanager, Dex, Grafana and Prometheus) are shipped with default
```

runtime service configurations required for basic service deployment.
Find below an exhaustive list of available default Service Configurations
deployed in a MetalK8s cluster:

Alertmanager
""""""""""""
The following base Alertmanager configurations are required for starting up
Alertmanager within a MetalK8s cluster.
To configure Alertmanager, override the default values of alertmanager.yaml
file as specified below in it's corresponding Cluster and Service ConfigMap
(metalk8s-alertmanager-config).

> This document below describes parameters that you can set.

Reviewer 2: It's not a list of parameters that can be set, but just a default basic configuration, user could add some configuration that are not described in this file, at least for Alertmanager (I don't know if it's true for Dex).
